Hi everybody and welcome back.
Now this quick lecture we're gonna discuss how to override methods from the parent class.
So we're not really going to code in this lecture we're just going to write out a couple of small samples
of code so we can override any method from our parent class that doesn't fit in with what we're trying
to model with the child class to do this.
We define a method in the child class with the same name as the method we want to override from the
parent class.
This way pite in this regard the parent class method and only pay attention to the method we defined
in the child class.
So let's say our class e-reader has the following method.
So let's just say DPF and describe backlights
OK.
That would have something like uterus to colon and then our comments would be describes the backlights
of our e-reader that we go print
the backlight of this of this e-reader allows you to read in the dark.
OK.
So we know what that does that that's what this is an imaginary method in our e-reader class.
So this method at the moment is meaningless and it is also mean for Kindle Fire e-reader because that
has a color screen it doesn't need a backlight.
So how would we overwrite that.
Well let's imagine as I said this is an e-reader class.
And now let's imagine that the next method that we're going to write is in our Kindle Fire class and
we will do this.
The Describe
backlights
Comins
the Kindle Fire does not have a backlight.
OK those are comments as always then print
the color screen lets you read in the dark.
OK so what does all of this mean.
When you use inheritance you can make your char classes retain what you need and override anything you
don't need from the parent class.
So as we just said at the start of this lecture if this method here was in our e-reader class describing
the backlight of a normal e-reader we would not need this method in our Kindle Fire class and we could
override that by using the same method name.
And this way pikeman disregard the parent class method and only pay attention to the method we defined
in the char class.
Hope that was helpful.
Thank you for listening and I'll see you in the next lecture.